.TH DATE_MILTER 5 "MAY 2008"

.SH NAME
date_milter.conf - system wide date_milter configuration file

.SH SYNOPSIS
.B /etc/date_milter.conf

.SH DESCRIPTION
.BR date_milter (8)
reads configuration data from
.I /etc/date_milter.conf
(or the file specified with
.B -c
on the command line).
The file contains keyword=argument pairs, one per line. Lines starting with '#'
and empty lines are interpreted as comments. Arguments may optionally be
enclosed in double quotes (") in order to represent arguments containing spaces.

The possible keywords and their meanings are as follows (note that keywords
are case-insensitive and arguments are case-sensitive):

.IP "max_ago (integer)"
Set the maximum difference from message time up to "now" in hours.
Mail which are older than <max_ago> hours will be rejected.

Default: 288 (12 days)

.IP "max_ahead (integer)"
Set the maximum difference from "now" up to message time in hours.
Mail which are more than <max_ahead> hours in the future will be rejected.

Default: 24 (1 day)

.IP "reject_misformed_header (boolean)"
If this is set to "true", mail containing non RFC 2822 date header will be
rejected.

Default: true

.IP "err_header_str (string)"
Set the message for rejects in case of a misformed header.

Default: "Your date header is misformed"

.IP "err_date_str (string)"
Set the message for rejects in case of invalid date information.
If the mail is older than <max_ago> or more than <max_ahead> in the future,
this message will be sent.

Default: "Fix your system clock and try again"

.SH FILES
.I /etc/date_milter.conf
The system wide configuration file.

.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR date_milter (8)
